say 20 at least 30 perhaps 25 places
maybe yes I have very good news to share
with all the interview community that we
have gone up 83 steps in The Times
Higher Education and we have forged into
the top hundred ma now 86 in in the
world some months ago we also went up
very high in the top 50 of the Q s
ranking this is very rewarding and of
course we are many or contributed to
that so I will of course thank all
faculty staff and students that has
behind this unprecedented success
foreign to you never in my wildest
dreams would I expect NTU to climb a
total of 83 positions this is really a
truly fantastic truly encouraging result
we all just were shocked we were so
amazed and we were all laughing and
smiling and clapping it was really quite
joyful I would like to congratulate all
the faculty staff students for their
hard work and the NTU leadership for
their vision wow that's really something
and I think all the things we have been
doing have been paying off I think the
better quality of students coming into
NTU accounts for the spectacular job in
until spring came the first word that
came to my mind was finally I'm not
surprised I was it was a matter of time
before all these ranking catch up with
the incredible work that all of us have
been doing and then to you what is
responsible for this jump this rocketing
quality quality and quality quality
students they are good coming in they're
even better Green loves quality stuff
and then quality faculty we have
demanded a very pass both in research
and teaching
I think is paying fruits and this was
steak so I'm confident that says time
pass and to you shrinking you come up
and go down a little bit but the overall
trend will be on the rice
well then into you keep the spirit going
well done unto you congratulations Ont
you go
you